#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
acme==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   certbot
    #   certbot-apache
altgraph==0.17.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyinstaller
anyio==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   redis
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paramiko
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
certbot==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   certbot-apache
certbot-apache==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   python-augeas
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   reportlab
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
configargparse==1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   certbot
configobj==5.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   certbot
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acme
    #   certbot
    #   josepy
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
dbus-python==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   certbot
django==4.2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-redis
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
django-cors-headers==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ratelimit==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymongo
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
flask==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
flask-cors==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
future==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   certbot
    #   flask
    #   markdown
    #   pyinstaller
    #   pyinstaller-hooks-contrib
importlib-resources==6.4.5
    # via
    #   certbot
    #   certbot-apache
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
josepy==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acme
    #   certbot
mako==1.3.10
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
mock==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
netaddr==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.24.4
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gunicorn
    #   pyinstaller
    #   pyinstaller-hooks-contrib
paramiko==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   certbot
pbr==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   reportlab
psutil==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycairo==1.26.1
    # via pygobject
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pygobject==3.48.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyicu==2.15
    # via -r requirements.in
pyinstaller==6.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyinstaller-hooks-contrib==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyinstaller
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
pymongo==4.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paramiko
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acme
    #   josepy
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pyrfc3339==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acme
    #   certbot
pyroute2==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-augeas==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   certbot-apache
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-decouple==3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acme
    #   certbot
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-redis
reportlab==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acme
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   requests-unixsocket
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-unixsocket==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   asgiref
    #   pyopenssl
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
werkzeug==3.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
zipp==3.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
zope-component==6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
zope-event==5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   zope-component
zope-hookable==7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   zope-component
zope-interface==7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   zope-component

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
